If you're looking for an internship I think one of the best places to
work is to go to your counselor either and I school or college and ask
them if they've got a good list of local internships are available
other than that you know the firms in the schools that are close to
you doing research in like and do you should you know get on board
with them that do a Google search or Yahoo search or whatever search
engine you life and and start looking for internships in your area
not relying on your counseler you want to ask them don't don't just
accept everything they say a little searching all help and if you know
a professional in that field you might ask them who in your field
gets good internship how to get a hold.